#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
affine==2.4.0
    # via rasterio
anyio==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   rasterio
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black[jupyter]==23.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
branca==0.7.0
    # via folium
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   mercantile
    #   rasterio
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contextily==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fiona==1.9.5
    # via geopandas
folium==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.47.2
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
geographiclib==2.0
    # via geopy
geopandas==0.14.2
    # via -r requirements.in
geopy==2.4.1
    # via contextily
glob2==0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
ipykernel==6.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==8.20.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   branca
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.11
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
mapclassify==2.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.4
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contextily
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mercantile==1.2.1
    # via contextily
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.14.2
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via mapclassify
notebook==7.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   folium
    #   mapclassify
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   rasterio
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   snuggs
overrides==7.6.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   geopandas
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
pandas==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geopandas
    #   mapclassify
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==10.2.0
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   matplotlib
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==15.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.6.1
    # via geopandas
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pywin32==306
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.12
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
rasterio==1.3.9
    # via contextily
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   folium
    #   jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.4.0
    # via mapclassify
scipy==1.12.0
    # via
    #   mapclassify
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
shapely==2.0.2
    # via geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   fiona
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via black
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   black
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
xyzservices==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   contextily
    #   folium

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
